Fix/22174 clarify installtion overview os options (#22307)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/installations/installation_overview.md

### OS Options

<details markdown="block">

> <summary class="dropDown-header">Mac</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary class="dropDown-header">macOS</summary>
```

If you're using a Mac, you're in great shape. The Odin Project instructions assume a Unix-based system. By installing just a few programs, you will be up and running with your education in no time!

</details>

<details markdown="block">
<summary class="dropDown-header">Linux</summary>

[Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux) is a free and open-source operating system that works well with all programming languages. Most development tools are written to work natively with Linux. Your tools will likely be updated more often, have more information available for troubleshooting, and just plain run better on Linux. We'll be using Ubuntu, one of the most popular and user-friendly distributions available, or the lighter weight alternative Xubuntu. **If you don't use a Mac, we recommend that you use Linux.** It's that simple.

</details>

<details markdown="block">
<summary class="dropDown-header">Windows</summary>

> Windows is **not natively supported** by the odin project on this website or our discord server; however, if you're currently using windows you can use either a virtual machine or dual booting to keep your windows install while creating your development environment in Linux.

Reviewer 2: Can we capitalize the TOP name and “windows”?

> Windows is **not natively supported** by the odin project on this website or our discord server; however, if you're currently using windows you can use either a virtual machine or dual booting to keep your windows install while creating your development environment in Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows is **not natively supported** by The Odin Project, or on our Discord server; however, if you're currently using Windows you can use either a virtual machine or dual boot to keep your Windows install while creating your development environment in Linux.
```
